so this is gonna be about five X speeds
so bear with me is your data secure the
answer is no for most people with our
solution is big loss which is built on
top of IP FS I don't need to convince
you guys why decentralization and
security are important these are the
three things I want security control and
convenience let's start with control so
self-hosted will selectively sharing
files hiding context this is our sort of
logical architecture basically it all
dollars in ipfs we use IP NS kind of
this structure is you have it's a
globally global encrypted filesystem
your space is under your username in the
global namespace we have a each person
has a tree of symmetric keys which
controls access to files
that's called tree there's a paper
you can read so you end up with the
location plastic key is your
cryptographic key capability this is
what tree looks like so there's a
bunch of each of the boxes of the key so
the first column is directory then the
subdirectory and then there's a file so
if I grant the files parent key to
someone and they can read both the
properties and the contents of that file
and the parent keys go backwards that
just means everything has a well-defined
global path but if I had done what I
just said and there was another file in
the same directory that person wouldn't
be able to tell anything about that so
it's very fine-grained access control
this is what we do we chunk files five
Meg encrypt split into fragments
possibly array geocoding dump them in
ipfs and then create the the cripsy node
which has local links to each of those
fragments everything we do is already in
IP LD there's too much on that slide to
talk about the file system itself is in
a data structure called a champ
which is a compressed hash array map to
try this has lots of wonderful
properties and if we decide to move to a
CID T
the future that will make that easier
the main thing we get in this situation
is the directory structure and indeed
the links between different parts of the
same file are not visible to the network
all they see is a big map of five Meg
chunks or not five Meg if it's a
directory so it kind of looks like that
you have nodes which eventually
point to agree these are all local links
all in IPL deep and eventually to the
encrypted file fragments right access is
controlled with the as you would expect
with a key pair sharing basically we
send a capability between users to part
in their file system and they then use
that to basically bootstrap together
other capabilities through so that
currently happens through it has to
happen through asymmetric crypto that's
the only thing in our system that's
currently vulnerable to a quantum
computer if one is ever built that's big
enough but we are looking into migrating
away from that and the most important
thing finally is convenience like it
should be easy to use for a typical
Facebook user so there are no hashes
there are no visible keys there are no
anything like that and the first thing
that people want is to be able to log in
from any machine so the way we do that
is we take your password we salt it with
your username through and run it through
script which is a memory hard hashing
function we tuner to take about a second
on a on a mobile phone or a PC and you
know that those end up with your two key
pairs and a route symmetric key these
are only ever stored in RAM never
written or to disk or transmitted we can
do public links basically just encoding
the capability in the URL which I demoed
earlier I also demoed the media plays
you saw I didn't mention we also want to
have basically a applications within
pier-glass which you grant specific
capabilities but we you want to
obviously sandbox them so they can't
escape from that especially in the
browser we have a prototype which
basically cross compiles a browser plus
wine plus an x86 emulator to JavaScript
through AM scripting it's not fast but
yeah so security the thing we
fundamentally care about catalog in be
cracked
you do the math TLDR random 14 character
password no unless you have 300 billion
US dollars in a thousand years that's
the graph of how much it would cost to
crack a password in a year you can see
there's a red line there as well how am
i doing for time okay so okay well
quickly go back so then basically don't
use an 11 character password or even a
12 character one for 14 is good and yes
it should be random
what about quantum computer based
attacks as I mentioned earlier you have
that crypt free thing which is the links
between keys are the target key
symmetrically encrypted with the source
key so that's how you traverse that tree
and the thing I just explained the login
that's just hashing both both of those
have no known quantum attacks not
significant ones anyway you get like a
factor of 2 so basically all your files
anything that's not shared is already
safe from a quantum computer the one
thing obviously you work we're still
signing rights and that that also
basically all they symmetric crypto all
standard asymmetric crypto is broken by
a quantum computer so they could delete
your data but I couldn't read it and
then the final attack is normally
bedrails could do is insecure and yeah
it depends on your threat model if
you're a casual user willing to trust
someone's public server trust the SSL
certificate hierarchy and of course your
machine then
then you can just use the web interface
as you would Facebook more paranoid user
can do various things and basically
compile and run out on their own machine
one thing I glossed over in an earlier
slide is we we try to explicitly avoid
any dependence on DNS or the SSL
certificate authorities which much
easier with ipfs I think thank you build
security so we have reproducible builds
both on the server and the front end we
don't use NPM we only have eight
javascript dependencies all of them have
ended three of them are crypto libraries
we have our own deterministic
replacement for web pack and minifiers
we self host all of our assets so
there's no cross-domain requests to
whatever CD ends oh and most of the
client code is also written in a type
safe language and cross compiled to
JavaScript for questions but yeah if you
we have a demo line you can try out
there's a book that goes into booklets
that goes into more detail yeah okay any
any questions
okay hello yeah how paranoid are you in
building this quite but as it's still in
development not as as much as we will be
is there any part of the system you feel
is potentially like not paranoid enough
well I mean so initially we will be
doing releases through through Pegasus
itself but it would be nice to use some
kind of multi-sig thing for example so
that one of us is being compromised
wouldn't compromise the whole thing
things like that question the
deterministic builders that's really
cool especially with an eye towards
making sure that there's no random stuff
going in there a lot of those projects
import just so much stuff that is for
security applications would be pretty
terrifying are all those modules that
people can find and yeah yeah so the
minnow fire itself we didn't write that
that's that's another thing but it's
yeah yep very cool
other questions
and I think you can you can want another
thing that you do is you can give people
Public Links so you can have a public
link that requires no login to be able
to view a specific a specific file or a
specific directory so I can just do a
quick demo of that so here's a public
link so that's what it looks like
there's a bunch of stuff after the hash
you browse to that does its thing and
that's the directory we can see so if we
go back to the actual logged in user
that's the directory there so you can
see there's a bunch of sibling stuff to
it if we try and go up a directory we
don't see any of that and we can go into
these guys and see so you support link
to an entire subtree
what do you need help with from the
community good question
a UI developer would be awesome because
we yeah we're not UI developers so it's
not as pretty as it could be yeah that's
good anything else
security audit we've got a quote from QA
53 but it's yeah 20 grand what else in
terms of actual individuals just try it
out give us feedback
yeah another thing we've discussed is
that we need an API for transactional
data rights to ipfs so that things don't
get pinned and intermediately that's
about it
and if we were to so right now you have
a server that has to run and we're
talking before about what it would take
to get that to be like as close as
possible to just a web app they can be
loaded somewhere so you don't have to
even depend on a server what what does
that story look like so basically in
terms of actually usage so there's a
variety of s we just use block put and
get pin add an update we would
calculating size we used block stat we
have our equivalent IPS which is just
two calls there's the call to send a
follow requests which we're going to
base that we easy to replace with
peer-to-peer stream and the PKI calls
but those are the PKI data was now also
in ipfs itself still signed centrally
because we need to ensure uniqueness of
user names but and the idea is that that
PKI will be mirrored on every node so
they can do local queries without
leaking whose keys they're looking up
that's great thank you very much